All right we have a fun one here for unique digit products.
Now what is our objective.
Well we're taking in an array of numbers and what we want to find out is how many unique values can
be made when we create a multiple based off that number is giving example so to is going to return to
cause it is only a single digit.
Same with eight.
So now we have two values now and 121.
If we were to say one time two times one essentially treat these as individual numbers and multiply
them we would get two so this would no longer be a unique digit then we would get eight still no unique
digit because we already have 2 and 8 and then we're going to get 8 again and finally wearing it 6 so
then we get three unique digits.
That's the objective here.
I use five different methods when solving this includes push two strings split and parse that I really
enjoyed this one.
And I think this is a good example of of sort of the difficulty a lot of these algorithm problems should
be.
Sometimes there is a lot harder.
But I think like if I was to give an algorithm problem and I wanted to I would say this is a medium
difficulty algorithm problem first cell for that's where I would place this medium is not hard.
It's it's more complex than an easy one but this is probably in the medium maybe low tier medium range.
All right so you get started here ringa and create a number array that just called products and here
we're going to have a just.
So they were expecting this to be a number.
And at the end here what we're going to return is products dot length.
We're only going to add unique values to our products.
All right.
So what we're going to iterate through all the values that are being passed on into our as our parameter.
So just use a for each for here and we'll just call this number and we'll one do here is we are going
to create a function called Get digit product.
This to me was sort of I think it just meant cleaner code.
When I was looking at it we don't have to do it like this but often times as I've been reading more
and more about sort of separating the logic of your code here this makes sense.
So we're going to pass in a number here and let's go and set up what we're going to do.
So here we'll go and create a product and this is going to be equal to get digit product and we're going
to pass in that number.
Now our get digit product is going to go ahead and essentially take that number.
We're turning into a string that split it up on a character and then we're going to multiply it and
iterate through that array and find out the multiply value and that's what we're going to return.
And then we're going to do a check to see if it's a unique value or not.
All right.
So let's go ahead and do it.
So we're going to go there.
We're going to go there conc digits.
And this is going to be a string array and this will be equal to Nome.
The number we're passing in we're going to first have to convert it to a string and then we're going
to split it on that value.
Excellent.
So one thing we can do is increase this product value which is just going to be equal to 1 because this
is going to be what we're going to multiply each and every time.
So we're initialising to 1 not zero because then it would everything.
When you multiply by zero it would always be zero.
Right.
So we're in take our digits and we're going to iterate through them and we'll just put it here.
And what we want to eventually return is product.
So we're going to be modifying product here and in product it's just going to be eight times equals
because we want to continue to multiply each individual value because there are strings now we need
to parse them as integers.
And we're just past digit in there.
So now we'll be getting our value here from get digit product is going to do it for each one of the
numbers as we're iterating through.
Right now the last little bit here is we have to do a check to say hey if products don't includes product
meaning if it is in the array but we don't want it to be in the way won't say so we'll go through that.
If it's not in the array go ahead and push that value to it.
Right.
Go in and push that product to the array.
And then at the end we're returning the rate on length and that's pretty much it.
So the idea here is to write a function that first gets the digit product gets the product that we were
going to get and then we're going to check against our race.
Hey is this what we want to have.
It's this excuse me is this included if it's not we're going to add that.
And then when we're done iterating through our original array we're just going to return the length
and that's pretty much it.